---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_job_template Resource - awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Ansible AWX/Tower job template. A job template is a definition and set of parameters for running an Ansible job. Job templates are useful to execute the same job many times. Job templates can contain specifications for: the inventory to run the job against, the project and playbook to use, credentials, extra variables, and various other parameters.
---

# awx_job_template (Resource)

Manages an Ansible AWX/Tower job template. A job template is a definition and set of parameters for running an Ansible job. Job templates are useful to execute the same job many times. Job templates can contain specifications for: the inventory to run the job against, the project and playbook to use, credentials, extra variables, and various other parameters.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this job template. Used to identify the template in the AWX/Tower interface.

### Optional

- `ask_inventory_on_launch` (Boolean) If enabled, users will be prompted to select an inventory when the job template is launched.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the job template. Can be used to provide more context about the template's purpose.
- `extra_vars` (String) A JSON or YAML string containing extra variables to pass to the playbook. These variables will be available to the playbook and any surveys.
- `forks` (Number) Number of parallel processes to use while executing the playbook. Default of 0 uses the ansible default.
- `inventory_id` (String) The ID of the inventory to be used by this job template. Defines which hosts the playbook will be run against.
- `job_tags` (String) Specify which tagged tasks from the playbook to execute. Only tasks with the specified tags will be run.
- `job_type` (String) The type of job to run. Can be either 'run' for normal execution or 'check' for check mode (dry run).
- `limit` (String) Limit the execution to specific hosts or groups. Corresponds to ansible's --limit parameter.
- `playbook` (String) The name of the playbook to be run. The playbook must exist in the project specified by project_id.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project containing the playbook to be used by this job template.
- `scm_branch` (String) Specific branch, tag or commit to checkout from SCM before running the playbook.
- `verbosity` (Number) Control the level of output Ansible will produce during execution. Higher numbers mean more verbose output (0-4).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
